Add React Native doc (#144)
vercel/swr-site: pages/docs/advanced/react-native.en-US.mdx

import Callout from 'nextra-theme-docs/callout'

# React Native

<Callout>
  Upgrade to the latest version (≥ 1.0.0) to experience this customization.
</Callout>

Unlike React running inside the browsers, React Native has a very different use experience. For example there is no “tab focus”, switching from the background to the app is considered as a “focus” instead.
To customize these behaviors, you can replace the default browser `focus` and `online` events listeners with React Native’s app state detection and other native ported API, and configure SWR to use them.

## Example

### Global Setup

You can wrap your app under `SWRConfig` and preconfig all configurations there

```jsx
<SWRConfig 
  value={{
    /* ... */
  }}
>
  <App>
</SWRConfig>
```

### Pre-loaded Data

You might want preload some data when app launches, these data are settled in SWR cache.

```jsx
<SWRConfig 
  value={{
    provider: () => new Map([
      ['hello', 'swr'],
      ['initialKey', 'initialValue']
    ]),
  }}
>
  <App />
</SWRConfig>

> ```

Reviewer: I wonder if this is necessary for the RN docs, since we have a dedicated prefetching page. Also I think `fallback` is better for this case (so you can continue to use the global `mutate`)

Author: removed, make sense to let user checkout other doc section for details to decide what they need, preloaded state or fallback data

### Customize `focus` and `reconnect` Events Detection

There're few configurations you need to take care of such as `isOnline`, `isVisible`, `initFocus` and `initReconnect`.

> `isOnline` and `isVisible` are configs to detect if app is regarded as "active", SWR will revalidate if these conditions are matched.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`isOnline` and `isVisible` are functions that return a boolean, to determine if the application is "active". By default, SWR will bail out a revalidation if these conditions are not met.
```

```jsx
<SWRConfig
  value={{
    provider: () => new Map(),

>     isOnline() { return true /* customize with your own condition */ },
>     isVisible() { return true /* customize with your own condition */ },
>     initFocus(revalidate) {
>       /* Implement with your network state provider */
>     },
>     initReconnect(revalidate) {
>       /* Implement with your network state provider */ 
>     }

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    isOnline() {
      /* Customize the network state detector */
      return true
    },
    isVisible() {
      /* Customize the visibility state detector */
      return true
    },
    initFocus(callback) {
      /* Register the listener with your state provider */
      return () => {
        /* Clean up */
      }
    },
    initReconnect(callback) {
      /* Register the listener with your state provider */
      return () => {
        /* Clean up */
      }
    }
```

Author: We didn't have clean up for those setup. they return void

  }}
>
  <App />
</SWRConfig>
```

> Let's take `focus` as a example since it's able to implement with React Native directly.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Let's take `initFocus` and `isVisible` as example:
```

Author: I had some problem with `isVisible` if using `AppState.currentState === 'active'`, sometimes doesn't trigger the revalidate. I'll update example with `initFocus` only

```jsx
import { AppState } from 'react-native'

// ...

<SWRConfig
  value={{

>     initFocus(revalidate) {
>       let appState = AppState.currentState
>       const onAppStateChange = nextAppState => {
>         /* if it's resuming from background or inactive mode to active one, revalidate */
>         if (appState.match(/inactive|background/) && nextAppState === 'active') {
>           revalidate()
>         }
>         console.log('state change', nextAppState)
>         appState = nextAppState
>       }
> 
>       // listen to the app state change
>       AppState.addEventListener('change', onAppStateChange)
>     }

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    provider: () => new Map(),
    isVisible: () => {
      return AppState.currentState === 'active'
    },
    initFocus(callback) {
      let appState = AppState.currentState
      
      const onAppStateChange = (nextAppState) => {
        /* If it's resuming from background or inactive mode to active one */
        if (appState.match(/inactive|background/) && nextAppState === 'active') {
          callback()
        }
        appState = nextAppState
      }

      // Subscribe to the app state change events
      const subscription = AppState.addEventListener('change', onAppStateChange)
      
      return () => {
        subscription.remove()
      }
    }
```

  }}
>
  <App>
</SWRConfig>
```

> For `initReconnect`, it will requires some native ported code to detect client side network information and decide when to revalidate.
> The implementation will be similar to `initFocus`, receiving a `revalidate` function and manage when to trigger.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For `initReconnect`, it requires some 3rd party libraries such as [NetInfo](https://github.com/react-native-netinfo/react-native-netinfo) to subscribe to the network status. The implementation will be similar to the example above: receiving a `callback` function and trigger it when the network recovers from offline, so SWR can start a revalidation to keep your data up-to-date.
```
